Please look at the files in the workspace. You may employ any python libraries necessary to make them easier to fully digest. You will notice that CPFR_Portal_&_Platform_Entitlement_Revised.docx has an empty placeholder page set aside for the insertion of data compiled via survey of expert estimates. These estimates are now available in the doucment @Anecdotes.txt. The four individiuals mentioned here (Jayda, Bridget, Henry, Nihar) are all In-Stock Managers (ISMs) and represent one of the major end-user stakeholder groups relate to this project. The others are the CPFR team itself (of which I am a memeber, and Sr. Program manager. I'm compiling this document to bolster CapEx/OpEx provisioning requests), and the broad vendor community wich represents the external cohort of stakeholders. 

I would like your help with three task related to these documents.
1. I would like you to examine the @Anecdotes.txt and then revise this into a new document Anecdotes_Refined.txt where we're going to tweak some things. I would like you to assume the role of a senior project portfolio manager for someone like Amazon (because Chewy follows closely from Amazon OP1/2 processes), Adobe (because of their fiscally-responsible balance between boldness and pragmatism), or IBM (becuase of the sophisticated, and long-ranging approach to project planning), and imbue a tone and wording into the verbiage that gives it an empirical narrative strucure and although we need to be careful to not over-sell our evidence as though it's scientificially rigorous (it's not, but it *does* approximate the Delphi technique), it still needs to be structured to sound deductively logical, plausible, and convincing in an expert-authority kind of way.
2. I need you to then insert these revised anecdotes into the blank placeholder page in CPFR_Portal_&_Platform_Entitlement_Revised.docx (please make a new document "_Rev2"... it may be .md if that's easier to work with--this will be our target document), and integrate it tightly, so that it flows as a part of the document. It's okay for elements in this part of the document to have an "appendix" feel to them... they don't need to have a common narrative thread. Just make sure that it doesn't sound like it's coming from an unrelated initiative. I would prefer in this task element that we bias 70% or more of any required edits to be performed on the inserted anecdotal evidences, leaving the remaining document text proportionally less altered.
3. I would like to examine the strucutre and tone of now-completed and integrated document to see where we have opportunities to make it sound more serious, profession, compelling, unbiased, and very, very solid. I want it to be compelling, but it will need to stand up to scruitiny. The audience for this will be sensitive to common pain points brought up (they will also have an In-stock background), but will feel pressure (in true Amazon style--again, because Chewy follows from Amazon provisioning processes) to defend and justify the resources or allocation that this document implies. This is another place where I would like you to ask yourself what a Sr. Director or VP over retail analytics (or similar) might think when reading this, how they would critique it or what they would ask for, and then also consider how the responding project portfolio manager would revise this to improve it and make it more "bullet-proof".

We must work with the anecdotes we have, as well as information in the doc. We can't "make up" value arguments from whole cloth. The entitlement document 